I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
How does dry skin affect you at work? You don’t have any elbow grease to put into it.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd called them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar... and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? I wouldn't, but I'd wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What's the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What did the vet say to the cat? How are you feline?
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo? A pouch potato!
What happens when M&M’s can’t agree on anything? They reach an M-passe.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call a fake dad? A faux pas.
How do you make an eggroll? You push it.
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Unfortunately, many soles were lost.
What do you call a pig who knows how to use a knife? A pork chop.
What kind of fish knows how to do an appendectomy? A Sturgeon.
How do you hire a horse? Put up a ladder.
Is there anything worse than when it's raining cats and dogs? Yes, hailing taxis.
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them.
My manager told me to have a good day. So I didn't go into work.
What do kids play when they have nothing else to do? Bored games.
What did the boy say to his fingers? I'm counting on you.
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music.
What does cake and baseball have in common? They both need a batter.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
What did the tree say when spring finally arrived? What a re-leaf.
How can you tell if a pig is hot? It's bacon.
Did you hear about the guy who afraid of hurdles? He got over it.
Why did the drum go to bed? It was beat.
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky.
Have you ever had a bad sausage? It's the wurst.
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He's at the hospital waiting to be seen.
Did you hear about the cat that ate a lemon? Now it's a sour puss.
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open.
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese.
How do you cook an alligator? With a croc-pot.
What did the earthquake say when it was done? Sorry, my fault!
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque.
What should you do to prevent dry skin? Use a towel.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
A witch's vehicle goes brrroom brrroom!
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
If the early bird catches the worm, I'll sleep in until there are pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me.
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button.
I'm afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it.
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it's the whole sentence.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It's pasteurized before you can even see it.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
It's inappropriate to make a "dad joke" if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How does a bee brush its hair? It uses a honeycomb.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
How can you tell it's a dogwood tree? From the bark.
What sound does the engine of a witch’s vehicle make? Broooom broooom!
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated.
What bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it's never called hot.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
Why is it bad to iron your four-leaf clover? Because you shouldn't press your luck.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
Where do pirates buy hooks? The second hand store.
Why didn’t the skeleton go on the rollercoaster? It didn’t have the guts.
Why did the birds attack the dog? He was pure bread.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me.
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
What's the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
What's the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk.
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow.
Knock, knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel!
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed.
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field.
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What’s the astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The spacebar.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I'm afraid of the calendar. Its days are numbered.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
How do trees get online? They just log on.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it's $1.50. You know why? Inflation.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed.
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie.
Knock knock. Who's there? Tank. Tank who? You're welcome.
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up!
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
Why shouldn't you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause.
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated.
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose! 
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Why can't you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans!
Dogs can't operate MRI machines. But catscan.
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger… // And then it hit me.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle.
Why did the gym close down? It just didn't work out.
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw.
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead!
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the orange!
Did you hear that laughing too loudly is illegal in Hawaii? They only permit a-low-ha.
I hate my job — all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Mom keeps asking why I have so much candy. She doesn't know I always keep a few Twix up my sleeve.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet — it was clogged.
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don't know y.
My dream job is to clean mirrors, because I can really see myself doing that.
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down.
Whenever you get a bad sausage, it's just the wurst.
My dog is a genius. I asked him, "What's two minus two?" He said nothing.
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
Mom texted me to say our Italian restaurant is out of pasta, and now we’re penneless.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!
At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
Bigfoot is sometimes confused for Sasquatch — Yeti never complains.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest.
I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle.
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
I can tell when you're lying just by looking at you. I can also tell when you're standing.
I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list, and now I can't read what else is on it.
Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea.
My friend couldn't pay his water bill, so I sent him a "get well soon" card
Does anybody know where a dad can find a person to talk to and hang out with? Asking for a friend.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
After dinner Mom asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something.
Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark?”. I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian.
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.